tree cover loss = 
https://data.globalforestwatch.org/documents/85caa1aa8de2422894f6c1f11ae1d524/explore

TN plot, condition, and tree = 
https://apps.fs.usda.gov/fia/datamart/datamart.html


climate.esri.ca (ETH Zurich canopy data)
2020 Global vegetation height with a resolution of 10-m. Produced by EcoVision Lab in the ETH Zurich Department of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering.

Many maps provide details of land classification types such as grassland, scrub, or tree cover. However, the total amount of biomass in these areas can vary greatly. Better mapping of the canopy height is important for understanding potential biodiversity, ecosystem function, or loss of carbon biomass due to deforestation, development, or fires.  Scientists at ETH Zurich created a method to estimate canopy height using the best available LiDAR from space and airborne sensors, including the Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation (GEDI) on board the International Space Station.

These LiDAR observations were used as ground truth data to train a deep convolutional neural network to regress canopy height from Sentinel-​2 images at a 10-m spatial resolution. Units are in meters. The accuracy of the vegetation height is ± 5 m.

This map was financed in a partnership with Barry Callebaut AG, the world's largest chocolate maker, to better allow companies to track deforestation in their supply chains. The intent is objective, highly automated tool to guide sustainable agribusiness.

More about this project may be read at ETH Zurich website here.


ingest_data.py is used to insert the .csv data (plot, condition, tree) into pandas dataframes.
That is then stiched to the raster data found within the .tif files from the Zurich canopy project.
Included in this script is a data quality check where we try to identify discrepnacies between the stats 
from our .csv files versus what is shown in the .tif image. We don't want to train our model on trees that no longer exist.
We will use this data check to idenfiy potenital harvest/deforestation spots.